"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality." - Seneca
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one." - Marcus Aurelius
"He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive." - Seneca
"Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants." - Epictetus
"The obstacle in the path becomes the path. Never forget, within every obstacle is an opportunity to improve our condition." - Marcus Aurelius
"If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable." - Seneca
"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." - Epictetus
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
"Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity." - Seneca
"There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will." - Epictetus
"The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts." - Marcus Aurelius
"To be everywhere is to be nowhere." - Seneca
"We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak." - Epictetus
"Objective judgment, now, at this very moment. Unselfish action, now, at this very moment. Willing acceptance, now, at this very moment." - Marcus Aurelius
"As long as you live, keep learning how to live." - Seneca
"If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid." - Epictetus
"Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart." - Marcus Aurelius
"Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body." - Seneca
"Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxieties about real problems." - Epictetus
"If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it." - Marcus Aurelius
"Sometimes even to live is an act of courage." - Seneca
"Any person capable of angering you becomes your master." - Epictetus
"The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury." - Marcus Aurelius
"It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor." - Seneca
"He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has." - Epictetus
"Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live." - Marcus Aurelius
"Ignorance is the cause of fear." - Seneca
"Only the educated are free." - Epictetus
"Whenever you are about to find fault with someone, ask yourself the following question: What fault of mine most nearly resembles the one I am about to criticize?" - Marcus Aurelius
"No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have." - Seneca
"Caretake this moment. Immerse yourself in its particulars." - Epictetus
"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them." - Marcus Aurelius
"Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future." - Seneca
"Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it." - Epictetus
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive." - Marcus Aurelius
"Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life." - Seneca
"Circumstances don't make the man, they only reveal him to himself." - Epictetus
"It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live." - Marcus Aurelius
"True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future." - Seneca
"It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows." - Epictetus
"How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it." - Marcus Aurelius
"A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials." - Seneca
"Attach yourself to what is spiritually superior, regardless of what other people think or do." - Epictetus
"Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight." - Marcus Aurelius
"We are more often frightened than hurt." - Seneca
"You become what you give your attention to." - Epictetus
"Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth." - Marcus Aurelius
"Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms, you’ll be able to use them better when you’re older." - Seneca
"Nature hath given men one tongue but two ears, that we may hear from others twice as much as we speak." - Epictetus
"Our life is what our thoughts make it." - Marcus Aurelius
"Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war." - Seneca
"I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world." - Epictetus
"Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life." - Marcus Aurelius
"No man was ever wise by chance." - Seneca
"If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer: He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone." - Epictetus
"Receive without conceit, release without struggle." - Marcus Aurelius
"He who is brave is free." - Seneca
"First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak." - Epictetus
"Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears." - Marcus Aurelius
"You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire." - Seneca
"Keep the prospect of death, exile and all such apparent tragedies before you every day." - Epictetus
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." - Marcus Aurelius
"It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable." - Seneca
"What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them." - Epictetus
"Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish." - Marcus Aurelius
"While we are postponing, life speeds by." - Seneca
"Freedom is the only worthy goal in life." - Epictetus
"Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul." - Marcus Aurelius
"Time discovers truth." - Seneca
"Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens." - Epictetus
"Whatever anyone does or says, I must be emerald and keep my color." - Marcus Aurelius
"Life, if well lived, is long enough." - Seneca
"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best." - Epictetus
"Confine yourself to the present." - Marcus Aurelius
"Only time can heal what reason cannot." - Seneca
"Demand not that events should happen as you wish; but wish them to happen as they do happen." - Epictetus
"Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too." - Marcus Aurelius
"Fire tests gold, suffering tests brave men." - Seneca
"People are not disturbed by things, but by the views they take of them." - Epictetus
"Think of yourself as dead. You have lived your life. Now, take what's left and live it properly." - Marcus Aurelius
"Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart." - Seneca
"To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education." - Epictetus
"What is not good for the swarm is not good for the bee." - Marcus Aurelius
"There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage." - Seneca
"If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it be a lie, laugh at it." - Epictetus
"Often injustice lies in what you aren't doing, not only in what you are doing." - Marcus Aurelius
"It is quality rather than quantity that matters." - Seneca
"He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at." - Epictetus
"To understand the true quality of people, you must look into their minds, and examine their pursuits and aversions." - Marcus Aurelius
"As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters." - Seneca
"There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool." - Epictetus
"A man's worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions." - Marcus Aurelius
"Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack." - Seneca Often attributed, captures Stoic resilience)"It is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has." - Epictetus
"Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already." - Marcus Aurelius
"Every night before going to sleep, we must ask ourselves: what weakness did I overcome today? What virtue did I acquire?" - Seneca
"The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it." - Epictetus
"How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life." - Marcus Aurelius